Feature/media jwt module (#160)
akamai/edgeworkers-examples: delivery/common/jwt/examples/typescript/README.md

# Example

> This example demonstrate usage of JWT module in typescript project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates usage of the JWT module in a typescript project.
```
